{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs32\lang9 Machine Learning Assignment\fs22\par
\fs28 Fake News Predicting\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 Students:\line\fs22 Student1\line Student2\line Student3\line Student4 (thats me in case you didn't know)\line\line\fs24 1)\fs22  Our dataset consists of 20 800 articles that came from Kaggle. The articles are news articles from various sites and authors. The attributes of this data set are the following; ID, title, author, text. All of which are standard pieces of a news article. The target class for the attribute is the echt of the article. We are trying to see if an article being fake news or real news has some corporeal aspect to it that is embedded in the basal word choice.\par
The assumption here is that fake news and real news must have some specific word choice for their titles and texts that make them lean them to being fake or real, or possibly define the category. \ul We will leave out authors since judging by an author's name would be superficial and some bad apples would spoil the bunch. \ulnone\par
Here are some examples:\par
Title:\line Excerpts From a Draft Script for Donald Trump\rquote s Q&ampA With a Black Church\rquote s Pastor - The New York Times. 0\line Russian Researchers Discover Secret Nazi Military Base \lquote Treasure Hunter\rquote  in the Arctic [Photos].  1\line EXCLUSIVE: Islamic State Supporters Vow to \lquote Shake\rquote  the West Following Manchester Terrorist Massacre - Breitbart. 0\line Humiliated Hillary Tries To Hide What Camera Caught 15 Mins Before Rally. 1\line Life: Life Of Luxury: Elton John\rquote s 6 Favorite Shark Pictures To Stare At During Long, Transcontinental Flights. 1\line Lady Gaga, Marine Le Pen, Romania: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times. 0\par
Text:\line JERUSALEM  \f1\emdash    With the United States pulling back after years of frustrated efforts to break the intractable impasse between Israelis and Palestinians, Russia is stepping forward with its own drive to bring peace to a fractured land. A special envoy has been shuttling through the region, Israeli and Palestinian leaders are jockeying for position, and Russia keeps hinting that a Moscow summit meeting may be in the offing. Never mind that nearly everyone involved here agrees that the effort will almost certainly not lead to a settlement of the   dispute. Russia\rquote s newfound Middle East peace push, part of President Vladimir V. Putin\rquote s reinsertion of Moscow into the region in a profound way after years of retreat, seems to be about everything but finding peace in the Middle East. Instead, it is about Moscow\rquote s ambitions and competition with Washington, exemplified by its intervention in Syria. Mr. Putin\rquote s military campaign in support of President Bashar   of Syria has transformed the dynamics of that conflict and made Russia a leading player in the area\rquote s geopolitics, thwarting Washington\rquote s diplomatic efforts. Alongside its deep engagement in Syria, Russia\rquote s recent rapprochement with Turkey and    alliance with Iran have made Russia a major actor in the region in a way it has not been since the Cold War. The Kremlin\rquote s diplomatic endeavor in Jerusalem has become something of a   geopolitical billiards game in which each side is counting on a bank shot to leave itself in a better position. Israel is determined to deflect what it considers more threatening interventions by the French or even the Americans. The Palestinian leadership, facing internal challenges and plummeting support on the street, is trying to shore up its standing at home and abroad by showing it is willing to do something. Almost beside the point is whether a meeting actually takes place, much less yields tangible progress toward reconciliation between two hostile populations. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think even the Russians have much hope that they are going to make magic,\rdblquote  said Zakaria   a professor of national security studies at Al Quds University in East Jerusalem. While Russia has always been fitfully involved in   peace efforts over the years, Mr. Putin now seems intent on taking the lead, both as a poke at Washington amid continuing tension over Syria and Ukraine and as a show of Russian significance. Mr. Putin has made a point of developing a relationship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel even as Mr. Netanyahu has feuded with President Obama. \ldblquote They\rquote re eager to become an important player, a big shot in the Middle East,\rdblquote  said Zvi Magen, a former Israeli ambassador to Russia who is now a senior research fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies in Tel Aviv. \ldblquote The idea is not to reach any specific results, but it\rquote s good for Russia. They don\rquote t need results. They need the process itself. \rdblquote  So far, all they have is the process. After Mr. Putin\rquote s special envoy met with Mr. Netanyahu and officials of the Palestinian Authority led by President Mahmoud Abbas, in recent days, Moscow declared that the two had agreed \ldblquote in principle\rdblquote  to meet. But no date was set, and neither side openly confirmed an agreement to sit down. Until now, Mr. Abbas insisted that before any meeting Israel must freeze its construction of settlements in the West Bank and release prisoners. Mr. Netanyahu had insisted that he would meet only if there were no preconditions. It remained unclear whether Mr. Abbas had dropped his conditions, but even if he had, his team held out little hope for a meeting in the near term. A senior Palestinian official, who insisted on anonymity because of the shifting nature of the diplomacy, said his side had agreed to a meeting in principle, but there was no date and he did not expect that there would be soon. The official refused to specify whether Mr. Abbas was demanding any terms for the meeting, saying only that there had been \ldblquote no change in the Palestinian position\rdblquote  regarding settlement construction. He reiterated the Palestinian assertion that the demand for a settlement freeze is not a precondition, but an obligation under international law. The Palestinians argued that Mr. Netanyahu was the one who did not really want a meeting brokered by the Russians. But his office maintained that he would go anywhere, anytime to meet as long as no terms were required to sit down. \ldblquote If the Palestinian Authority can say with one voice that they are willing to meet without preconditions, then Prime Minister Netanyahu will meet President Abbas,\rdblquote  said David Keyes, a spokesman for the Israeli leader. Always a crafty tactician, Mr. Netanyahu seems to be gambling that the Palestinians will never drop their terms while he gets to contend that he is open to negotiations. In reality, analysts said, he wants to undercut a French effort to broker talks and is especially worried that Mr. Obama, his nemesis, might go to the United Nations after the American election in November to seek a resolution outlining terms of a possible peace deal. If there is even the appearance of progress in Moscow, Mr. Netanyahu hopes it may discourage Mr. Obama from acting for fear of appearing to be interfering, some scholars said. \ldblquote It\rquote s good to show the United States that he\rquote s a relatively good player at this game,\rdblquote  said Mr. Magen, the former Israeli ambassador. Mr. Netanyahu may also have a domestic interest in playing along with the appearance of progress if he is serious about broadening his governing coalition by luring in Isaac Herzog, the current opposition leader, and at least part of his   Zionist Union party. In another indication of the toxic atmosphere that does not seem conducive to peace talks, Mr. Netanyahu released a video on Friday accusing the Palestinian leadership of demanding a Palestinian state with \ldblquote no Jews\rdblquote  in it. \ldblquote There\rquote s a phrase for that,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote It\rquote s called ethnic cleansing. \rdblquote  The Palestinians have protested this charge that has cropped up of late, saying there is a difference between what Mr. Netanyahu is claiming and their refusal to legitimize the settlements. The Palestinians view the Moscow peace bid as a way to keep their cause on the international radar screen. For Mr. Abbas, who faces internal dissent, it is also a way of keeping power. \ldblquote The Palestinians want to give the impression that their issue is still high in the sky and everybody is losing sleep because of the Palestinian question,\rdblquote  Professor Qaq said. \ldblquote But I think this is an illusion. \rdblquote  Mr. Abbas prefers the effort led by the French, who have traditionally been more sympathetic to the Palestinian cause, and he must maneuver carefully to keep the Russians from pointing at him as the obstacle to peace, analysts said. Not that the Russian effort has much chance either way. \ldblquote It\rquote s all nonsense,\rdblquote  Ziad Abu Zayyad, a journalist and former Palestinian Authority minister, said on Israeli radio. \ldblquote I don\rquote t see any point in a meeting between Abu Mazen and Netanyahu,\rdblquote  he added, using Mr. Abbas\rquote s nickname. \ldblquote There were already tens of meetings like this, and they bore no fruit. \f0\lang7177  0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul Another Example\ulnone\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 TOKYO  \f1\emdash    The Japanese have acknowledged that their emperor is not a god and he has been stripped of all political power, but the nation still views its monarch as so central to the sense of identity that he is not permitted to resign. Now, Emperor Akihito is suggesting that his people let him retire. He is 82 years old. He has had cancer. He has had surgery. So, in a uniquely Japanese moment on Monday, he went on television to hint at his desire for Parliament to change the law so he can give the job to his son. But it is freighted. The emperor represents a postwar Japan that is committed to pacifism. The current government wants to loosen the reins on the military, and the prime minister, Shinzo Abe, is politically powerful. If Emperor Akihito steps down, will Japan lose a check on the government\rquote s drive to rewrite the past, to discard its lessons and taboos? Will his son, Crown Prince Naruhito, also a pacifist, have the standing of his father? Japan is a constitutional monarchy. It is a liberal democracy. It is, in many ways, a deeply conservative country that clings to tradition. Its monarchy  \emdash    the Chrysanthemum Throne  \emdash    is the oldest in the world, stretching back to antiquity. Emperor Akihito\rquote s family has held it almost 2, 700 years, according to the customary, if   genealogy. If he resigns, it would be the biggest transformation of the monarchy since World War II. Change does not come easily in Japan, and now the government faces a conundrum: It will be criticized if it allows the transition, or blocks it. Crown Prince Naruhito, 56, shares his father\rquote s quiet demeanor and, by all accounts, his commitment to keeping the monarchy apolitical. The prince has repeatedly commended the pacifist Constitution, written by the American occupiers in 1947. It is a delicate moment. If the government amends the law governing imperial succession in Parliament, concern may grow about its influence over the imperial household, analysts said. \ldblquote People both on the right and left would be cautious about making sure this process doesn\rquote t weaken the institution and therefore open up the succession to political influence,\rdblquote  said Sheila A. Smith, a Japan expert at the Council on Foreign Relations. But dragging its feet on the emperor\rquote s wishes would anger many Japanese. \ldblquote This is an aging country, and there are going to be a lot of people sympathetic to the emperor\rquote s wanting a comfortable retirement,\rdblquote  said Tobias Harris of Teneo Intelligence, a political risk consulting firm. Opinion surveys conducted by the Japanese news media suggest that the public overwhelmingly supports Emperor Akihito\rquote s wishes to step down. As many as 85 percent of respondents say they favor amending the Imperial Household Law to allow it. \ldblquote We speak respectfully about the emperor, but arguably we use him like a slave,\rdblquote  said Daisuke Kodaka, 34, an employee at a cosmetics company in Tokyo. \ldblquote He\rquote s our symbol, but as a person he doesn\rquote t have human rights. We should recognize his rights. \rdblquote  Amending the law could also revive a contentious issue: the debate over allowing a woman to be the monarch. Only men can inherit the throne, a provision that is increasingly in dispute. A decade ago, during a debate about whether the law should be changed to open the way for female monarchs, conservatives in Mr. Abe\rquote s   Liberal Democratic Party were firmly opposed. Prince Naruhito has a daughter, and his younger brother has two daughters and a son, Prince Hisahito, the only male in the youngest royal generation. Prince Hisahito\rquote s birth, in 2006, quieted the debate about female monarchs, at least for the time being. But with so few males in the family, experts say the succession is far from secure for the future. Mr. Abe\rquote s government has embraced the idea of female empowerment in other areas, notably the workplace, but few think it is ready to extend the concept to the monarchy. \ldblquote This opens other cans of worms,\rdblquote  said Kenneth Ruoff, the director of the Center for Japanese Studies at Portland State University and the author of \ldblquote The People\rquote s Emperor,\rdblquote  a history of the postwar Japanese monarchy. Though his words were characteristically vague  \emdash    he discussed his age, his rigorous daily schedule and what he called his increasing physical limitations  \emdash    the message was unmistakable. \ldblquote When I consider that my fitness level is gradually declining, I am worried that it may become difficult for me to carry out my duties as the symbol of the state with my whole being as I have done until now,\rdblquote  Emperor Akihito said in a prerecorded address that lasted about 10 minutes and was broadcast on Japanese television networks. Mr. Abe, in a short response, suggested that his government was open to changing the law, though he stopped short of making a specific commitment to do so. \ldblquote Considering His Majesty\rquote s age, the burden of his official duties and his anxieties, we must think carefully about what can be done,\rdblquote  Mr. Abe said. Japanese emperors define eras in the country. Its unique calendar is based on their reigns: 2016 is expressed as Emperor Akihito\rquote s 28th year on the throne, and when his successor takes over, the date will reset to Year One. Emperor Akihito\rquote s father, Hirohito, died in 1989  \emdash    Year 64 of his reign  \emdash    as both the Cold War and Japan\rquote s economic boom years were drawing to a close, intensifying the sense of a historical shift. After World War II, Hirohito stunned his subjects by declaring that he was not a god, overturning decades of government propaganda and centuries of loosely held tradition. The new Constitution relegated the monarchy to a purely ceremonial role. \ldblquote Historically, it was extremely common for emperors to abdicate,\rdblquote  said Takeshi Hara, an authority on the imperial family at the Open University of Japan. More than half of Japan\rquote s monarchs have vacated the throne, often for quiet retirement at Buddhist monasteries. Only in the 19th century, when Japan\rquote s leaders created the cult of emperor worship, did stepping down become impossible. Emperor Akihito maintains an often punishing schedule, despite treatment for prostate cancer in 2003 and heart surgery in 2012. He and his wife, Empress Michiko  \emdash    the first commoner to marry into the imperial family  \emdash    have become consolers in chief for victims of natural disasters, like the earthquake and tsunami that devastated parts of northern Japan in 2011. In his address, Emperor Akihito referred several times to the postwar Constitution and the symbolic nature of the modern monarchy. He said he wanted to secure that monarchy for the future \ldblquote in the midst of a rapidly aging society\rdblquote  and \ldblquote in a nation and in a world which are constantly changing. \rdblquote  Though he did not use the word \ldblquote abdication,\rdblquote  he made specific arguments for allowing it. Under existing law, the crown prince could serve as regent if his father became too ill, standing in for the emperor in all but name. But Emperor Akihito indicated he did not wish to be a monarch who \ldblquote continues to be the emperor till the end of his life, even though he is unable to fully carry out his duties. \rdblquote  He alluded to the last imperial transition nearly three decades ago. His father had intestinal cancer during the final years of his life, and his slow, painful decline was a focus of intense attention from the public and the news media. Emperor Akihito said he wanted to avoid a situation in which \ldblquote society comes to a standstill\rdblquote  before his death, and the elaborate funeral rites distract from the enthronement of his heir. Prince Naruhito \ldblquote represents continuity\rdblquote  with Emperor Akihito in terms of personality and priorities, Professor Ruoff said. As his father did, he has taken up social causes, notably access to clean water in poor countries. Professor Ruoff said Emperor Akihito\rquote s biggest achievement had been to focus attention on social welfare causes. When Japan hosted the Summer Olympics in 1964, Emperor Akihito became the patron of the   Paralympics. At the time, people with disabilities were often shunned and stigmatized in Japan. \ldblquote Akihito and Michiko have spent a tremendous amount of time leveraging their prestige on behalf of the least privileged members of Japanese society,\rdblquote  Professor Ruoff said. \ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t go so far as to say they are the conscience of the nation, but they do draw attention to these issues. \f0  0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul Another Example\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone We spend an overwhelming amount of time in and around buildings; most Americans never leave the comfort of cities, where sizeable structures abound. Yet, rarely do we consider the profound effects architecture has on our everyday experiences. Only standing at the feet of major architectural monuments \f1\emdash  like the Burj Khalifa in Dubai and the Great Pyramids outside Cairo \emdash  do we stop and consider how magnificent mankind\rquote s ability to build is.\par
However, more and more scientists are beginning to realize that architecture, like any art form, has the power to influence how we perceive the world. As we learn how architecture can impact our experience of life, we can better control our environments for maximum efficiency \emdash  and maximum pleasure.\par
The Science and Art of Perception Every second we are awake, our brains track variables like heat, light, odor, noise, and movement to ensure our bodies can continue living. Though we rarely realize it, our minds are always aware of the effects of various environments, and that subconscious perception can dramatically affect our experiences of different places. For example, loud, grating sounds usually make spaces less pleasant, while soft, natural light generally makes spaces more inviting.\par
Neuroscientists are increasingly discovering that the brain is constantly making associations, and oftentimes, these links employ metaphors that are grounded in the physical world we perceive. The intangible concept of \ldblquote importance\rdblquote  is generally identified as large, though as an idea, it lacks any size or dimension whatsoever. Similar examples are common in language: Our endeavors are completed \ldblquote step by step,\rdblquote  as though we are walking the concrete path of our tasks, and being \ldblquote lost in one\rquote s thoughts\rdblquote  likens deep concentration to exploring a dense forest. It is becoming clear to scientists and artists alike that what we perceive informs what we believe. Fortunately, architects are using this newfound knowledge for the better.\par
The Application of Metaphor Armed with the awareness that our brains are constantly making connections between the corporeal and the conceptual, today\rquote s architects strive to generate certain unconscious effects with their buildings. One of the most pervasive trends in modern architecture is the metaphor of the tree.\par
Trees have always indicated shelter for humankind: They offer protection from harsh sunlight, from pouring rain, and from dangerous predators. Plus, as humans strive to right their historic environmental wrongs, the tree has become a symbol of sustainability, nature, and health.\par
Therefore, several architects are now drawing from trees to create healthful, ecological-seeming buildings. The Kanagawa Institute of Technology in Japan contains a \ldblquote forest\rdblquote  of pillars that closely resemble white saplings. In Spain, the Metropol Parasol uses laminated timber to form a sinuous canopy over a popular plaza.\par
By integrating elements of trees \u8213? trunks, branches, leaves \u8213? the architects of these buildings have produced not only aesthetically breathtaking structures but also subtly comforting spaces suffused with nuances of nature. Yet, as neuroscience unlocks more of the cognitive impacts of architecture, all structures could have even more powerful metaphor built in.\par
The Future of Cognitive Architecture The cognitive revolution is just getting started, and we are only beginning to understand how our brains and bodies take in the world around us. Experts in neuroscience and architecture alike look forward to advancements that can have beneficial applications in all sorts of structures.\par
For example, nearly everyone has experienced a less-than-ideal working environment. Flickering fluorescent lights, freezing or sweltering temperatures, conflicting design elements, and more can dramatically increase stress amongst a workforce, depleting energy and preventing productivity. When these errors are remedied, the effects of an environment are immediately obvious.\par
In some industries, especially within the industrial sector, we already have sturdy, somewhat more sustainable, buildings that provide benefits workers need: fabric structures . However, in other fields, like health care or education, we eagerly await breakthroughs that demonstrate real impact. With evidence from cognitive science, we can construct hospitals that help patients heal with design and schools that encourage learning through materials and angles.\par
Though it happens constantly, perception is an intensely complex task. The spaces around us \u8213? both the ones we create and the ones governed by nature \u8213? inform how we live and how we think. Thus, it is imperative that when we construct, we be amply aware of the effects of our constructions: on the environment and on ourselves.\par
This article ( The Real Effects of Architecture on the Mind, Body, and Spirit ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. \par
Via: OmniThought\f0 . 1\f1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\f0 Another Example :\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone Big Cannabis \f1\endash  on the lines of Big Pharma \endash  is on the cards. At least that\rquote s what Germany-based pharmaceutical giant Bayer\rquote s $66 billion takeover of America-based agrichemical giant Monsanto (a leading producer of RoundUp Ready genetically modified crops) indicates. Financed from a consortium of corrupt, in-debt, and influential banks (including Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, and Bank of America), the multi-billion-dollar deal (negotiated by the Rothschild Banking Cartel) brings Bayer ( famous for selling heroin to children and financing Nazi concentration camps ) closer to the multi-billion-dollar cannabis market through its \rdblquote mission\rdblquote  to create a one-stop shop for seeds, crop chemicals and computer-aided services to cannabis growers .\par
#Cannabis is Non Toxic but #Monsanto will make it toxic by making a GMO version. #SaveCannabis #VoteNoOn64\par
\emdash  David (@rskls) September 6, 2016\par
Cannabis proponents believe the largest all-cash deal on record will destroy the infant marijuana industry by introducing genetically modified cannabis seeds, highly expensive cannabis-based drugs, monopolistic use of patents, and restrictive business practices. Leafly notes:\par
\ldblquote The worry is that the combined firm will have the financial and political influence to do to cannabis what it has already done to corn, tobacco, and other cash crops \emdash  namely, use pricey patented cannabis seeds (Roundup Ready Blue Dream, anyone?) that favor large-scale operators and rigidly control how all cannabis farmers farm. The merger, in other words, could be the first step toward Big Cannabis .\rdblquote\par
Monsanto\rquote s decades old intimate ties with the Scotts Miracle-Gro Company \emdash  a leading producer of pesticides for commercial and consumer lawn and garden use (who was ordered to pay $12.5 million in criminal fines and civil penalties for violations of Federal Pesticide Laws in 2012) \emdash  is especially a matter of concern. Monsanto and Scotts Miracle-Gro have long been partners with the DEA to produce hormones and carcinogenic chemicals used in the wars against marijuana and coca plants.\par
Jim Hagedorn, who took over Scotts Miracle-Gro in 2001, shared his intention to \ldblquote invest, like, half a billion in the pot business\rdblquote  with Forbes in July, calling cannabis the biggest thing he has ever seen in lawn and garden. Forbes reports:\par
Scotts Miracle-Gro shelled out $135 million last year on two California-based businesses [including the $130 million buyout of General Hydroponics] that sell fertilizers, soils and accessories to pot growers. It recently spent another $120 million on a still-undisclosed lighting and hydroponics equipment company in Amsterdam and promises to invest about another $150 million by the end of 2016.\par
Altogether, the deals are bigger than the largest single acquisition in the history of Scotts Miracle-Gro, which takes in $160 million of profit on $3 billion in sales annually.\f0  1\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b Part: 2\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28\lang9\par
}
 